FEWD-7639 release/6.0: Updates content and improves standard (#3003)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/introduction/pages/editions.adoc

= Couchbase Server Editions
:description: Couchbase Server is available in several editions: enterprise, community, and open source.

[abstract]
{description}

Each edition offers different features and levels of support.
// For more information on each feature, see the <xref href="#couchbase-editions/ee-vs-ce" format="dita">Enterprise and community edition feature matrix</xref>.

> Enterprise Edition::

Reviewer: I know this wasn't in the issue, but I actually think this would be better as a heading rather than a definition list: mainly because it would appear in the right-hand navigation, so users can find their way around the page more easily.

```suggestion
== Enterprise Edition
```

The Enterprise edition (EE) represents the latest, most stable, production-ready release of Couchbase Server. We recommend the Enterprise Edition binaries for commercial production systems running Couchbase Server. The Enterprise Edition contains some unique features that make it the best fit for production deployments running in data centers or a public cloud infrastructure.

> Our http://www.couchbase.com/subscriptions-and-support[paid annual subscriptions^] for EE include a commercial license, better availability capabilities, enhanced security features, advanced tooling and higher performance and scale. It also includes technical support with service level commitments via our 24x7 support organization and hot fixes for releases.

Reviewer: Fix singular / plural mismatch in Word document

```suggestion
Our http://www.couchbase.com/subscriptions-and-support[paid annual subscriptions^] for EE include a commercial license, better availability capabilities, enhanced security features, advanced tooling and higher performance and scale.
They also include technical support with service level commitments via our 24x7 support organization and hot fixes for releases.
```

> Community Edition::

Reviewer: Suggest heading rather than definition list.

```suggestion
== Community Edition
```

The Community Edition (CE) is best for noncommercial developers where basic availability, performance, scale, tooling, security capabilities and community support is sufficient.

One important principle for CE and EE is to ensure full portability of applications between two editions. The capabilities ensure that an application running on EE should simply transition to CE without code changes and visa versa.

CE comes free, and there are no constraints on using these binaries in production systems. However, CE is not subjected to the iterative "test, fix, and verify" quality assurance cycle that is a part of the Enterprise Edition release process. The release version of CE is several months behind EE. CE also does not include the latest bug fixes.

Documentation, mailing lists, and forums support the Couchbase user community to help troubleshoot issues and answer questions. CE comes with limited concurrency and parallelism and supports a maximum of 4 cores per node.

> Open Source Project::

Reviewer: Suggest heading rather than definition list.

```suggestion
== Open Source Project
```

The Couchbase Server open source project is a platform for innovation. Couchbase is committed to open source development, and the open source project continues to serve as the foundation for both the Community Edition and the Enterprise Edition.

> There are many ways to contribute to the open source project:
> * Contribute code to our core engine, to our SDKs, connectors and other integration components that help us connect to other products through github.com/couchbase. Find more details on the Open Source Projects page.
> * Report issues on our tracking system: JIRA.
> * Contribute to the documentation either by submitting changes on GitHub or by simply clicking the "Feedback" link in our online documentation.

Reviewer: 1. Needs a line break before the start of the bulleted list, otherwise they just show up as asterisks.
2. Links as specified in the original Word doc.

```suggestion
There are many ways to contribute to the open source project:

* Contribute code to our core engine, to our SDKs, connectors and other integration components that help us connect to other products through https://github.com/couchbase[^].
Find more details on the http://developer.couchbase.com/open-source-projects[Open Source Projects^] page.
* Report issues on our tracking system: https://issues.couchbase.com/projects/MB?selectedItem=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:release-page[JIRA^].
* xref:home:contribute:index.adoc[Contribute to the documentation] either by submitting changes on GitHub or by simply clicking the "Feedback" link in our online documentation.
```
